# 英语问题总结

### introduce your college

>Hunan University is located in Changsha, the capital city of Hunan province. 
>
>It is a comprehensive university with the reputation of being a university for thousands of years. 
>
>And it is a state key university with first-class teaching resources and strength. 
>
>It is dedicated to training all kinds of excellent talents for the country. 
>
>I am proud of being a student of Hunan University.



### introduce your hometown

>My hometown is Changsha, also known as Star City, which is an important central city in the middle reaches of the Yangtze River. 
>
>As a popular city on the Internet, a large number of tourists come to spend their holidays every holiday. 
>
>In a word, Changsha is a warm and harmonious city with developed economy and convenient transportation.



### reason for graduate school

>First of all, I realize that what I have learned in the four years of college is far from enough.
>
>Second, attending graduate school can exercise my ability of scientific research and learning, and improve my academic performance. 
>
>In addition, postgraduate education means higher core competitiveness, which is beneficial to my future life



### why do you choose our department

>There are several reasons.
>
>First of all, the University of Science and Technology of China (USTC) is a national key university and enjoys very high evaluation.
>
>Secondly, your university has rich learning resources and a high-level teaching team. It is my dream to complete my postgraduate career in this university.
>
>Finally, your school has a very good source of students, which means I can make more excellent friends and make progress together with them.



### about your future plans

>As for my future plans, first of all, I plan to find an internship as required by the university and then try my best to finish my graduation thesis.
>In addition, I plan to use my spare time to read more literature and learn some skills to prepare for graduate school.
>Finally, I also want to develop a good habit of keeping exercising and improve my physical quality.



### what’s your hobby

>Well, in my spare time, I like to play badminton or run with my good friends, which not only exercises my physical fitness, but also improves the relationship between friends. 
>
>Besides, I also like listening to songs and singing very much. Songs can always relax me and make me have a good mood.



### about your family

>I'm a family of four, father, mother, me and my sister. My father and mother are farmers, in order to support my sister and me to study, they pay a lot. My sister is three years older than me and already married. 
>
>This is a very loving and harmonious family, and I love my family.



### introduce your strengths and weakness

>My advantage is that I never give up just because something is difficult, and I always try my best to achieve my goals. Although I am not the smartest one, I believe that efforts will have good results.
>
>My weakness is that I am not decisive enough. When I am faced with some choices, I always hesitate, which leads to the loss of some opportunities. And I'm trying to correct it.
>
>For example, when I took part in an activity, I couldn't make up my mind and finally failed to register.



### what’s your favorite course

